# SNHU-CS330
Working on 3D scene with OpenGL

When it comes to my approach, I have to start with an idea I can work from. The skills that were learned allowed me to create a 3D scene in OpenGL. These skills allowed me add 3D object, textures, and lighting. It also allowed me to learn how to minipulate the movement and speed of a camera looking at the scence via keyboard and mouse. While createing my scene I tried to follow a real photo image I took of the objects around my house. I did learn that that may not be the best in all cases. I had to tweak the plane I have do to not being able to creating a realistic carpet. I switched it to a granite like texture instead. The camera implentation is something that could be used alot in the future. Lighting will also be useful in allowing scenes I create to look more realistic.

When developing programs I useally plan it out on paper first. I can not just jump in an know where I am. I have to plan what librarires I will need, function, and methods I need to create. I also not any type of logic I may end up using. I had to use a little bit of inheritance with the camera and in my case also the shape meshes. Iteration played an important with the camera. I needed iteration to change the frame in order to move the camera. Each week was broken up to help build the project. First was coding vertices and shaders. Then creating 3D objects. After that I binded textures to the ojects and then adding light to the scene and each object. Computer Science seems to of always been an intrest of mine but my back ground never allowed me to experament with it. Now that I am pursuing my degree I want to create new things and be proud of my accomplishments. I know my future educational and professional pathway will both utilize more than just text on a command prompt. Learning how to use OpenGl will allow me expand on just text realated programs.
